[REFACTOR] implement generic container generator + many other improvements (#378)
ReproNim/neurodocker: docs/user_guide/installation.rst

Installation
============

container (preferred)
---------------------

We recommend using the Neurodocker Docker image, which can be access through
Docker or Singularity.

.. code-block:: bash

    docker run --rm repronim/neurodocker:0.7.0 --help

.. code-block:: bash

    singularity run docker://repronim/neurodocker:0.7.0 --help

pip
---

> Neurodocker can also be installed with :code:`pip`. This is useful if you want to use

Reviewer: minimal version of python should be added

Author: Agree

> the Neurodocker Python API. We recommend to installing in a virtual environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Neurodocker Python API. Python 3.7 or newer is required.
```

.. code-block:: bash

    python -m pip install neurodocker
    neurodocker --help

conda
-----

> Neurodocker can also be installed in a :code:`conda` environment (using :code:`pip`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using a virtual environment or a :code:`conda` environment. 
In order to create a new :code:`conda` environment and install Neurodocker:
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     conda create -n neurodocker python pyyaml

Reviewer: Do you really need `pyyaml`?

Author: I suppose we don't need it. I included it because I was under the impression that pypi didn't ship the compiled yaml code (like `yaml.CLoader`). But it seems like it does. I will remove pyyaml.

Author: ```suggestion
    conda create -n neurodocker python=3.9
```
